And it's Donna, by the way, Donna Noble, since you didn't ask. I'll have a salute. 
Everybody knows that everybody dies and nobody knows it like The Doctor. But I do think that all the skies in all the worlds would turn dark if he ever, for one moment, accepts it. 
The entire planet is hurtling around the sun at sixty-seven thousand miles an hour. And I can feel it. We're falling through space, you and me, clinging to the skin of this tiny little world. And, if we let go….That's who I am. Now forget me, Rose Tyler. Go home.
The assembled hordes of Genghis Khan couldn't get through that door, and believe me, they've tried! Now shut up a minute!
Excuse me, excuse me. Could I have everyone's attention, just for a moment? Be very quick. Hello! It might seem like a stupid question, but has anything fallen from the sky recently?
Even the word Doctor is false. Your real name is hidden, it burns in the stars, in the cascade of Medusa herself. Your are a Lord, sir. A Lord of Time.
Oh, you are beautiful! No, really, you are, you're gorgeous!Space-age clockwork, I love it, I've got chills! Listen, I mean this from the heart - and by the way, count those - it would be a crime, an act of vandalism to disassemble you. But that won't stop me. 
It is customary, I think, to have an imaginary friend only during your childhood. You are to be congratulated on your persistence. 
My Dear Doctor, The path has never seemed more slow and yet I fear I am nearing its end. Reason tells me that you and I are unlikely to meet again, but I think I shall not listen to reason. Hurry then my love; my days grow shorter now and I am so very weak. Godspeed my lonely angel. 
What's a horse doing on a spaceship? Mickey, what's Pre-Revolutionary France doing on a spaceship? Get a little perspective here!
Agatha Christie! I was just talking about you the other day! I said 'I bet she's brilliant!' I'm the Doctor, this is Donna. Oh, I love your stuff! What a mind! You fool me every time! Well... almost every time. Well... once or twice... Well... once. But it was a good once! 
Well, she was British and moneyed. They carry on, except for this one time. Nobody know what happened. She just vanished. Her car will be found tomorrow morning by the side of a lake. Ten days later, Agatha Christie turns up in a hotel in Harrogate.
Right then. I have questions, but number one is this - what in the name of sanity have you got on your head? 